hey guys antenna me tutorials here again
and in this video I'm going to show how
to make a snowman be as you can see here
and this is what it will look like when
we're finished so follow what I do and
you should be able to make one by the
end of this video so yeah so here we go
and as always check my channel for more
videos and suggest book and yeah you're
real here we go just throws up ok make a
new me as always and start making the
mail from scratch okay where after that
you're going to want to make it circle
and keep the skin tone the light is so
that's the closest to white okay and may
give it the toque and red and make it
white and you have to change the hair
the eyebrows don't need the eyebrows the
eyes you're going to scroll through how
you get to these ones sperm hope once
and you're making bullets
oh all depends yeah I guess you can
choose for the nose this looks funny
this is what's going to make the smile
at the bottom put about there and the
mouth is this you want to take the lips
a bit of a bow there make it only one
size smaller or wherever you want really
matter and get the birthmark and put
murder and there you go that is the
snowman me that wasn't that hard it's
this is one of the easier ones to make
so um this is really out your call you
can make them short or baked doesn't
really matter and this is also your
occulta so you can just so there's the
snowman and me there you go thanks for
watching please check my child for more
videos and please subscribe thanks